h1. Linux Setup

p. Get our source code:
@git clone git://github.com/freethenation/OpenCLNoise@

h2. OpenCL SDK

p. If you have an NVIDIA GPU, you're on your own. NVIDIA claims to support OpenCL 1.0 on all of their standard GPU drivers, so you might not have to do anything there. The drivers listed here will allow you to render noise on both CPUs (only tested with 64-bit) and AMD/ATI GPUs.

p. First, download the "AMD APP SDK":http://developer.amd.com/SDKS/AMDAPPSDK/DOWNLOADS/Pages/default.aspx from AMD's website ("64-bit direct link":http://download2-developer.amd.com/amd/APPSDK/AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64.tgz). Extract it to somewhere like /opt.

p. In the folder you just created, you'll find a tarball "icd-registration.tgz". Extract this to the root directory (so that the icd files end up in /etc/OpenCL/vendors/).

p. Next, modify your .bashrc to include the following two lines (for 64-bit Linux):
@export AMDAPPSDKROOT=/opt/AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/@
@export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$AMDAPPSDKROOT/lib/x86_64:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH@
Alternatively, for 32-bit Linux:
@export AMDAPPSDKROOT=/opt/AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx32/@
@export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$AMDAPPSDKROOT/lib/x86:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH@
Launch a new shell (or source .bashrc) to make sure this takes effect.

h2. PyOpenCL

p. Now, get PyOpenCL. Ubuntu users can use:
@sudo apt-get install python-pyopencl@
If you're not on Ubuntu or you want to build from source:
@wget http://pypi.python.org/packages/source/p/pyopencl/pyopencl-0.92.tar.gz@
@tar zxf pyopencl-0.92.tar.gz@
@cd pyopencl-0.92@
@./configure.py --cl-inc-dir=$AMDAPPSDKROOT/include/ --cl-lib-dir=$AMDAPPSDKROOT/lib/x86_64 # drop the _64 if you're on 32-bit@
@make@
@sudo make install@

p. You're done! To test, run the @test.py@ script in the OpenCLNoise folder.

